Release r3.1 o QualityOnDemand (#463)
camaraproject/QualityOnDemand: CHANGELOG.md

* for subsequent release-candidate(s), only the delta to the previous release-candidate
* for a public release, the consolidated changes since the previous public release

# r3.1
## Release Notes

This pre-release contains the definition and documentation of

* quality-on-demand v1.1.0-rc.2
* qos-profiles v1.1.0-rc.2
* qos-provisioning v0.3.0-rc.1

The API definition(s) are based on
* Commonalities v0.6.0-rc.1 (r3.2)
* Identity and Consent Management v0.4.0-rc.1 (r3.2)

## quality-on-demand v1.1.0-rc.2

**quality-on-demand v1.1.0-rc.2 is the first release candidate of the version 1.1.0**

> qos-profiles v1.1.0 will be a minor update of the API, and is backward compatible with v1.0.0.

Author: ```suggestion
quality-on-demand v1.1.0 will be a minor update of the API, and is backward compatible with v1.0.0.
```

qos-profiles v1.1.0 will be a minor update of the API, and is backward compatible with v1.0.0.

- API definition **with inline documentation**:
  - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/r3.1/code/API_definitions/qos-profiles.yaml&nocors)
  - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://camaraproject.github.io/swagger-ui/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/r3.1/code/API_definitions/qos-profiles.yaml)
  - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/blob/r3.1/code/API_definitions/qos-profiles.yaml)

### Added

* Added an optional countryAvailability field to the QoS profile to allow an API provider to indicate in which countries (and networks) the profile is available by @eric-murray in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/435
* Added error response documentation in `info.description` by @hdamker in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/467

### Changed

* Adjusted x-correlator pattern as defined in CAMARA Commonalities by @jlurien in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/465

> * Updated documentation regarding device identifiers in responses and added DeviceResponse object to limit device identifiers in responses to exactly one by @eric-murray in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/453

Reviewer: As far as I checked DeviceResponse is not managed in qos-profile API

Author: Good point, the changes are in the same PR across the three APIs, but here the text doesn't fit.

Have change it to "Updated documentation regarding multiple device identifiers in requests and the expected behavior of implementations" in https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/463/commits/9518a165ac8c2a6a6dbafa2e85fc1f8343883f50
